Append annotations instead of replacing when uploading (#10573)
cvat-ai/cvat: changelog.d/20260508_150658_grigorio714_append_annotations_upload.md

### Added

> - Added append mode for task and job annotation uploads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An option to import annotations without removing the existing ones
  in task and job annotation uploads.
```
